Add support for windows CPU affinity (#1258)
opencontainers/runtime-spec: config-windows.md

* **`count`** *(uint64, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the number of CPUs available to the container. It represents the fraction of the configured processor `count` in a container in relation to the processors available in the host. The fraction ultimately determines the portion of processor cycles that the threads in a container can use during each scheduling interval, as the number of cycles per 10,000 cycles.
* **`shares`** *(uint16, OPTIONAL)* - limits the share of processor time given to the container relative to other workloads on the processor. The processor `shares` (`weight` at the platform level) is a value between 0 and 10,000.
* **`maximum`** *(uint16, OPTIONAL)* - determines the portion of processor cycles that the threads in a container can use during each scheduling interval, as the number of cycles per 10,000 cycles. Set processor `maximum` to a percentage times 100.

> * **`affinityCPUs`** *(array of objects, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the set of CPU to affinitize for this container.

Reviewer: nit: why not just `affinity` (since this is a part of cpu struct/group, and other (ajacent) fields do not have CPU in them)

Reviewer: Answering to myself.

I see that earlier version had `affinityCPUs` and `AffinityPreferredNumaNodes`, but the latter was dropped.

Still, `affinity` would work, and, if we're to add NUMA affinity later, a name like `NUMAaffinity` (or `affinityNUMA`) would still work.

Reviewer 2: The sub fields could also be `mask` and `group` accordingly 👀

Reviewer: Indeed. The less tautology the better.

Author: @tianon  @kolyshkin  keeping it similar to how we've defined this in k/k proto file. There was a similar comment in that PR : https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/124285#discussion_r1648429800 

group alone is a keyword in .proto so we couldn't just have mask or group. Thought uniformity would be good across the fields- prefix "cpu" in both fields or neither.

Author: similar rationale to why affinityCPUs was used : 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9db9d957-46f6-42ff-a648-2e5c16c7d469)

It is part of WindowsContainerResources struct which can mean cpus/memory or any other resource. So we named it affinityCPUs there. I understand that this struct in runtimespec is specifically for CPU alone. So if you would prefer me to drop "cpu" and just use "affinity" let me know, I can have that updated. Thanks.

Reviewer 2: I imagine there's got to be a way to convince Protobuf to use a keyword as an identifier, right?  Some way to escape it?

Regardless, _this_ spec is for a canonically-JSON-format, which doesn't have any constraints like that (or reserved keys at all), so I definitely still agree with @kolyshkin that we should ditch the duplication in the names and go for the simpler and more consistent all-lowercase versions (`affinity` or `affinities`, `group`, and `mask`).

Author: @tianon  have addressed this. Please take a look and let me know if it looks good. Thanks.

Each entry has the following structure:

* **`CPUMask`** *(uint64, REQUIRED)* - specifies CPU mask relative to this CPU group.

> * **`CPUGroup`** *(uint32, REQUIRED)* - CPU group that this CPU belongs to.

Reviewer: I'd place `group` first as the `mask` refers to the group (so it is slightly easier to read this way).

> * **`CPUGroup`** *(uint32, REQUIRED)* - CPU group that this CPU belongs to.

Reviewer 3: Someone coming in and reading this spec would have no idea what "mask" and "group" mean here. Can we define specifically what we're talking about, or link to a doc which does?

Basically think of the audience as someone who is familiar with containers, but not familiar with Windows CPU concepts. How do they know what these mean, and how they map to OS concepts?

Author: Updated with link to msdocs that explains these concepts as it might be too much to add into this file.

* **`count`** *(uint64, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the number of CPUs available to the container. It represents the fraction of the configured processor `count` in a container in relation to the processors available in the host. The fraction ultimately determines the portion of processor cycles that the threads in a container can use during each scheduling interval, as the number of cycles per 10,000 cycles.
* **`shares`** *(uint16, OPTIONAL)* - limits the share of processor time given to the container relative to other workloads on the processor. The processor `shares` (`weight` at the platform level) is a value between 0 and 10,000.
* **`maximum`** *(uint16, OPTIONAL)* - determines the portion of processor cycles that the threads in a container can use during each scheduling interval, as the number of cycles per 10,000 cycles. Set processor `maximum` to a percentage times 100.

> * **`affinity`** *(object, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the set of CPU to affinitize for this container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **`affinity`** *(array of objects, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the set of CPU to affinitize for this container.
```

  Each entry has the following structure:

>   Ref: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/ddi/miniport/ns-miniport-_group_affinity

Reviewer 2: I think this ref should probably be after the list (like the other one in this same section), but it is a little odd then to have the ref for count+shares+maximum follow immediately. :thinking:  Maybe it's fine (since the indentation should make it clear which is which)?  Maybe that's why you chose to put it here instead of matching the outer pattern?

Author: yeah that's right - I thought keeping it closest to the declaration might help. The indentation is helping keep it readable.

* **`mask`** *(string, REQUIRED)* - specifies the CPU mask relative to this CPU group.

> * **`group`** *(string, REQUIRED)* - specifies the processor group this mask refers to, as returned by GetLogicalProcessorInformationEx.

Reviewer 3: These lines need to be indented with two spaces, so they show up nested under `affinity`

>   * **`group`** *(string, REQUIRED)* - specifies the processor group this mask refers to, as returned by GetLogicalProcessorInformationEx.

Reviewer 3: Should these be listed as uint64/32 instead of string?

* **`count`** *(uint64, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the number of CPUs available to the container. It represents the fraction of the configured processor `count` in a container in relation to the processors available in the host. The fraction ultimately determines the portion of processor cycles that the threads in a container can use during each scheduling interval, as the number of cycles per 10,000 cycles.
* **`shares`** *(uint16, OPTIONAL)* - limits the share of processor time given to the container relative to other workloads on the processor. The processor `shares` (`weight` at the platform level) is a value between 0 and 10,000.
* **`maximum`** *(uint16, OPTIONAL)* - determines the portion of processor cycles that the threads in a container can use during each scheduling interval, as the number of cycles per 10,000 cycles. Set processor `maximum` to a percentage times 100.

> * **`affinityCPUs`** *(object, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the set of CPU to affinitize for this container.

Reviewer 3: I think we should describe the expected structure of `affinityCPUs` here, rather than relying on the go bindings to document it.

* **`count`** *(uint64, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the number of CPUs available to the container. It represents the fraction of the configured processor `count` in a container in relation to the processors available in the host. The fraction ultimately determines the portion of processor cycles that the threads in a container can use during each scheduling interval, as the number of cycles per 10,000 cycles.
* **`shares`** *(uint16, OPTIONAL)* - limits the share of processor time given to the container relative to other workloads on the processor. The processor `shares` (`weight` at the platform level) is a value between 0 and 10,000.
* **`maximum`** *(uint16, OPTIONAL)* - determines the portion of processor cycles that the threads in a container can use during each scheduling interval, as the number of cycles per 10,000 cycles. Set processor `maximum` to a percentage times 100.

> * **`affinity`** *(object, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the set of CPU to affinitize for this container.

Reviewer 3: I think we need to define the fields of this object (`Mask` and `Group`), too.

> * **`affinityPreferredNumaNodes`** *(uint32, OPTIONAL)* - specifies referred set of numa node numbers to affinitize for this container.

Reviewer 3: I think someone using this would naturally ask "how do I know which node is 0, 1, etc?". How would they determine this? Is there an API we can tell them to use that will match the indexing expected here?
